Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen and Shanghai, you're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Our top stories today,
Japanese stocks on the up while the yen
drops as investors brace for Shigaro
Ishiba's departure and the race to
succeed him as prime minister.
>> Traders looking ahead to this week's US
inflation print after a weak job support
boosted bets of a Fed rate cut rate cut
this month. We are asking Stand Chart
now why they see a 50 basis point
reduction.
>> Right. Also ahead here, China
investigating its top its former top
securities regular E man uh following
alleged discipline and law violations.
>> And President Xi Jinping said to address
a virtual summit of BRICS leaders with
US tariffs topping the agenda.
[Music]
what issues when it comes to these
markets right so the big news coming
through over the weekend we'll get to
this in a moment certainly and what's
next as as it pertains to the Japanese
political situation there uh prime
minister Ishba of course is stepping
down what it means for the party what it
means for the overall foreign and
economic policy as you can see the
markets are moving ahead with this as
far as equity markets go and we're
better by about 2% on the nickel
foot though it's worth noting that the
yen is not just falling against the
dollar it's actually down against every
single one of its peers uh in the Monday
session. So, one to watch as we go into
the thick of things right now, 158 on a
10-year yield. So, we're down better on
the JGB space. The other big story we
want to talk about is the oil story, of
course, on the weekend. OPEC plus
agreeing to more oil coming to this
market in October. Oil's on the way up.
Uh we are also looking at that's not the
right ticker, guys. Okay, we'll talk
about that later. That should be your
Shanghai uh crude futures coming online.
I promise you in about 15 seconds we'll
show you that they're going to correct
it for us very very quickly as we look
into the Chinese open today. Right. Um
let's have a look broaderly speaking at
the rest of the markets though. So we
are on solid footing as far as equity
markets go. A lot of that is really down
to what's happening in Japan. As you
look at markets like Taiwan, not on your
screens like South Korea. It's really
this recovery in the chip space
you have Kio of course in Japan. Uh
we'll we'll get into the NAN story in a
moment uh later on. Of course, uh dollar
is on the way up. That's really a lot to
do with the Japanese currency as well.
And of course, 4%. Do we get there? Is
that inevitable at this point in time?
Uh we talked about stand chart 50 basis
points is what they're expecting as far
as a cut is concerned. As you change the
boards, it's also worth pointing out
core, you know, we talk about inflations
coming through this week. You know, core
core PC at 2.9%. If the Fed does cut
interest rates this month, it would be
the highest interest. It would be the
highest inflation print going into a
rate cut in over 30 years. Just keep
that in mind just given the
juxtaposition of those two seemingly
contradictory things. Suffice to say,
we're looking at tech going into the
Chinese open today. The rally of course
resuming 1.2% to the upside. And as we
look ahead to the open today, futures,
you have the currency and the 10-year
yield. And as promised, we probably have
the Shanghai crude contract coming up on
your screens very shortly. There we are
looking at declines here. Of course,
quite a strong movement into the close
on Friday. Uh, and yeah, we'll see where
we go as far as small caps go because
that's certainly one area of this market
to watch very closely. Thank you so
much. 2% to the downside on Shanghai
crude, Ivon.
>> Yep. Uh, certainly following what we're
seeing a bit of surprise there in that
OPEC plus meeting and certainly one
thing that we're dealing with here today
among other things. Right. You mentioned
Japan. There's a political confidence
vote in France as well later on today.
But here's our agenda for greater China.
We do have the president set to speak in
this bricks address here. Of course,
this is the virtual meeting that the
Brazilian leader had instigated as well
following the SEO following that
military parade. So certainly more uh
details there. We have export and import
numbers coming through from China uh as
well to watch out for. So trade data
certainly in focus. There's an MPC
standing committee meeting as well. The
tech rally we'll see that continues on
Friday. We basically we saw one day of
correction and then Friday this rally
basically resumed in China as well. We
talked about the small caps as well and
qua maai there was a share buyback there
to one to note there and of course still
watching the AI trade with camper.
>> Yeah. Uh I think we were up if I'm not
mistaken 9% or 6% on Friday that rebound
that didn't last well the correction
that didn't last very very long. Uh in
fact in a couple of minutes how Hong
will be joining us to talk us through
with his take and he doesn't think
there's actually any any material signs
of a frenzy in the Chinese mainland
market. Right. Uh top stories today of
course we talked about Japan resignation
there uh from Ishiba and of course the
Fed conversation around will a 50 basis
point cut or will that resuming of the
rate cut cycle just bolster a rally into
year end here for equity markets. Yeah,
it's interesting, right? When you have
Japanese markets are like, as you say,
it's almost like nothing's happened,
right? And I think the narrative that
>> could be good news. In fact,
>> the narrative behind it is that maybe
this delays the the rate hike from the
BOJ given whoever is going to be the
next leader is going to be dealing with
a coalition that is basically does not
have a majority in the lower house of
parliament. So, also one in which looks
at more uh fiscal measures. So,
certainly maybe that could be the
narrative why we're seeing this kind of
response from Japan. But yeah, as you
mentioned with the Fed, it's not a
matter of whether they're going to cut
or not. It's going to be 25 or 50.
What's it going to be?
>> Yeah. And I think right now what's
priced in the market is about 28 basis
points. It's certainly a little bit
bigger than a 25 basis point cut. And
you know, I will sort of crowbar the
China story into this, right? And is our
concerns over a speculative bubble and I
think you can take your camp there. uh
whether that's uh on point or not, might
that limit the PBOC's ability to lower
interest rates if that was in fact
what's fueling this rally? Uh ultra easy
monetary policy.
>> It's a great piece from the on the
Bloomberg about this right back in 2015,
they actually did cut rates quite
substantially there, whether it was uh
one year or even just a triple R. Yeah.
>> And it led to this whole kind of frenzy.
So certainly they're a little bit more
hesitant maybe this time around given
the fact that there are concerns about
how this is going to be maybe a
potentially sign of a liquidity driven
rally. So certainly that is one to
watch. But I I think the debate's going
to keep going on about whether this is
going to be sustainable or not for some
time. But Halong has some interesting
commentary about that. Right.
>> Yeah. We'll hear from him in a moment
and that underscores the importance this
week of inflation reports. US and you
have a Chinese inflation report that's
also coming through of course uh this
week in top of trade numbers which Ivon
pointing out was is also on deck for
today. Also on deck today is what's
happening in Japan. You have the
outgoing Prime Minister Shiguru Ishiba's
resignation is setting in motion a
leadership race that will be closely
watched by global investors.
This agreement was achieved based on the
government and President Trump's
administration.
It is with regret that our
administration could not fulfill our
responsibility.
Yeah. And Ishiba then went on and said
he will stay on as prime minister until
his successor takes over. Let's bring in
Sher on our co-anchor of course joining
us out of Tokyo this morning. It's quite
a weekend for you Sherry. Quite a
morning so far. What what happens next
here?
Yeah, the leadership election is what
happens next and we are going to get
potentially a date for that on Tuesday
according to the election panel head
Ichidro Aawa. Now, local media reporting
that his successor could come in as
early as October. We could see the
leadership election then, but you said
it it was a very eventful weekend and
the prime minister resigning on Sunday.
Uh this came not necessarily as a
surprise given that we had seen some top
LDP party executives announcing the
resignation including the secretary
general and we had heard from other top
LDP leadership visiting the prime
minister urging him to actually resign
given of course uh the need for party
unity at this time. The public not happy
with what's happening with the state of
the economy especially when it comes to
rising consumer prices. uh the
difficulty when it comes to the weakness
of the Japanese yen. But uh in question
right now is how the LDP will move
forward with the rules and the schedule
of the next leadership election and of
course who will become prime minister
next.
>> Yeah. Can you talk walk us through I
mean we just showed a kind of a baseball
card sort of image of of the se the
contenders, right? Who is likely going
to be the next to replace Isha?
that sort of baseball card panel very
similar to what we saw back in September
when Prime Minister Ishiba became prime
minister in October. Uh Sana Takichi for
example there on the left the hardline
conservative tops the list in many
recent opinion polls. Uh she would
become the first female prime minister
if elected president of the ruling
party. She narrowly lost to Ishiva back
in September. uh but she's also seen as
uh reversing back perhaps towards the
policies of former prime minister
Shinszo Abbe who she was close with. We
also have the likes of Shinjiro Koisumi,
for example, the agriculture minister,
only 44 years old, could represent a new
generation. Others on that lineup,
including the chief cabinet secretary,
not to mention the finance minister and
also the former foreign and defense
minister, Konotaro. But uh we'll be
watching for what the leadership
election brings as whoever gets elected
has a really tough uh path ahead. We're
talking about, of course, the monetary
policy path, the economic path, the
economic package, which will need to be
arranged by the end of the year, a key
issue that the ruling LDP that does not
have a majority in both chambers will
need to contend with opposition parties.
>> Sherry, thank you. Sheran, they're
stepping in to tell us what's going on
and what's next uh in this whole kind of
political uncertainty in Japan as well.
Let's bring in Michael Chuchek is
assistant professor of Asian studies at
Temple University's Japan campus and
joins us now live from Tokyo. Uh
professor, it's great to have you on. Uh
you know, Sher kind of laid out what the
challenge is going to be, whoever is
going to be the next prime minister. Do
you think the LDP could actually rise to
the challenge?
I don't think the LDP has a chance to do
much because basically the electoral
system has set uh what the conditions
are for the next prime minister, whoever
that prime minister is, male or female.
Uh they don't have a majority in the
House of Representatives. They have to
work with other parties and frankly
that's really difficult. Now, Ishiba did
a fantastic job at that. You know,
everybody's talking about how weak he
was or how, you know, how incapable he
was to get things done. he got things
done very well. His replacement may be
far worse. So the uh actual conditions
rather than the personalities or
identities or knowledge of the the
candidates uh are the uh basic
conditions that's that set the course of
Japan.
Michael, uh, David here and just to ask
in terms of global
consequence, is there anything I should
be paying attention to as far as I guess
potential changes to either foreign or
economic policy here
>> with a new prime minister? Uh, there
will have to be uh continued adjustments
to the very volatile and very
unpredictable world of Donald Trump. uh
there has been a deal signed but the
deal is really unacceptable on the
Japanese side even though the government
this Ishiba government has agreed to the
conditions set by the United States it's
very unclear that any of these
conditions can be met uh that any of the
investments that are required can be
organized in the fashion that's
described in White House documents uh
there is really no way that it's going
to uh that the new prime minister is
going be able to take the reigns and
change Japan or move Japan in a new
direction. Uh it's just holding things
steady and even that will be very
difficult in terms of economic the
challenges ahead. Yeah. Sorry.
>> In terms of economic policy, the the
issue is is basically uh Japanese debt
and what it limits uh governments in
terms of their ability to change fiscal
policy or monetary policy. Definitely a
weak yen does put pressure on a
continued rise in interest rates in
order to in some way push the yen upward
but uh that of course will lead to
knockoff effects here in the economy of
Japan.
>> You mentioned all these challenges and
it seems like there is this you know
need for a strong leader figure. uh you
know obviously we think about Shinszo AB
as as that man you know during this
period of a revolving door of prime
miners before to he was the one that
actually united this party are you
looking is there anyone in in who's
being talked about as replacements right
now as as someone that can actually be
that visionary
was practically born to be leader he was
certainly as the grandson and grand
nephew of prime ministers as the son of
a foreign minister he was built to be PM
M one day and he had all of the
psychological building blocks. He could
get along with people. He could also
frighten them. Uh none of the persons
who are running for the PM's position.
Well, first the presidency of the LDP
and then that person will presumably
become the next prime minister, though
that's not determined by this election.
Uh that per there's no one with those
same qualities. And if you don't have
the whole package, you can't expect the
same level of leadership. So, I'm
looking at a bunch of weak uh prime
ministerships continuing on into the
future.
>> What would change that cycle?
>> What would change that cycle is a
complete realignment of the political
parties into some kind of rational uh
political system uh with a large party
having a broad left to right spectrum.
Now, now there's been talk about
realignment in Japanese politics for
over 30 years. uh it's never happened
basically because egos got in the way
and basically because the right wing of
the LDP stayed loyal to the LDP. Now
right-wingers have a have a new party
the STO which they can vote for and they
prove to be devastatingly effective in
uh the House of Councilors election.
They actually are agents of greater
chaos than what we've had before because
then you have to bring the right wing of
the and and the leftwing in some way
together. And this is just not even
conceivable at this point. So what will
make things better? Your guess is as
good as mine.
>> Professor, thank you so much for the
time. Uh Michael Chuchek there,
assistant professor of Asian studies at
Temple University, Japan campus, live
for us there out of Japan. really going
into this big story today. Coming up
here in shows, Lotus Asset Management
CIO joins us how Hong to talk us through
where we go next with these Chinese
markets amid signs that they want to
cool the bubble.
Uh we'll talk to him in a moment here.
Also counting down to the open of trade
and this liquiditydriven rally might get
an aid from the weather out there
because there's no shortage of liquidity
out there. the T8 here in Hong Kong
still up until at least 11:00 a.m. And
just by virtue of how things look and
feel and sound from outside the studios
here in central Hong Kong, that doesn't
seem to be uh a a a signal that perhaps
could be going away in time. Anyway,
keep your eye on the weather. The
opening bell 14 minutes away. This is
the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Futures are weaker going into the
open today. The fix of the day is coming
up bottom of your screens. There we go.
71029 against the against the dollar. We
have some trade numbers set to come out
at some point this morning. Uh let's
talk about this market and where we go
from here. Amidst of course some doubts
over the short-term path of the market.
Our next guest actually doesn't believe
a speculative frenzy exists in the
Chinese stock market even as the rally
there resumed on Friday. Let's bring in
Ho Hong, managing partner and CIO at
Lotus Asset Management. Yeah. So, it's
lay lay the case out for us.
>> Yeah. Well, I think it's way too early
to be worrying about speculative frenzy,
but if you look at many of the trading
statistics, you know, for example,
turnover ratio, right? So, it's about
two to three trillion yan per day. um it
is at the similar on the absolute terms
it's at the similar level as 2015 but
then uh if you compare to the free flow
market cap right so it's like less than
half of what it was in in in 2015 right
so that is showing you that actually
trading volume can surge substantially
higher from here so it can actually
double if we are entering into a bubbly
uh phase uh so I think that would be you
know one of the uh uh one of the
measures that I'll be looking at and I
think secondly people start to worry
about the margin trading activities
right so margin trading total uh volume
is about two to three trillion as well
but then once again you're in a
substantially larger market right so
then so I don't think there's much to be
worried about and also in 2015 by the
way there was a lot of OTC leveraging
right so remember there was umbrella
trust right so people can use an app on
their mobile phone to get a margin loan
and and and also you know there are
other activities you know people
actually borrowing from non-broking
uh companies right so those companies uh
uh margin trading activities is actually
not in the CSRC database and therefore
it's not showing you know two three
trillion y uh uh uh number here but
since then you know all of this has been
outlawed and therefore you know I would
say that we're now still in a relatively
early stage of a bull market
>> okay so in terms of this rally how much
more do you think we can we can go for
how long
>> yeah well I think you know if if we do
it properly right so if we don't uh
hastily is trying to kill the bull in in
its infancy. We can go substantially
higher from here.
>> The it it well it doesn't mean because
we're not seeing signs of a frenzy, it
doesn't mean valuations haven't moved up
slightly. Are you concerned over
valuations at this point? And if if so
where?
>> Yeah. Well, I think I think overall
we're actually seeing uh valuation at
the long-term average for the overall
market. All right. So that's not a cause
of concern. But then at the same time in
some pockets of the market there are
some sort of a very speculative
activities going on. You know for
example you know some of the
semiconductors company is trading at
6,000 times P. So but then you know if
if you look closely to the financial
statements many of these companies they
are trading at a very high multiple is
because they turned profitable this
year. Right. So
>> they just turned profitable.
>> Yeah they just turned Yeah. from a
lossmaking company uh into a profit
profitable company. So I would say that
you know at this very early stage
earnings per share for these companies
are very small and therefore they're
showing up at a very expensive uh
earnings multiple but then if you look
at many of the US tech companies are the
same right so you know back in 2000
Amazon has no earnings and many of of
the uh uh many of the uh big tech
companies right now who is you know over
trillion market cap back then there's no
earnings right so if if you try to
calculate earnings at this very early
stage of the growth phase for this
companies uh it would inevitably showing
up very very expensive.
>> Uh you've been also talking about what's
been going on these small caps as you
say right there's there's quite a bit of
rally going on here. What do you think
is driving that?
>> Uh I think small cap in general is doing
very well this year. is substantially
outperforming especially if you if
you're looking at the CXO the the drug
companies uh the semic companies and
also some of the tech companies the
robotic companies for example they're
doing exceedingly well this year and I
think you know there's one of the very
popular alpha strategy that the hedge
fun uh uh industry is engaged in uh
which is basically uh a long portfolio
of good quality high growth companies
and then they shot the the small cap uh
index futures and so you know in so
doing they they were able to capture the
alpha of of a portfolio of small cap
companies. Now such a strategy
inevitably the result is that you know
you're seeing price momentum in many of
the small names just continue to go up
you know because everybody clouds in
everybody's sort of engaging a similar
strategy it could create fragility in
the in the system but I would say that
you know since uh early 2024 you there
was an episode where uh you have a
coinquake right so many of the small cap
companies just collapsed uh and and that
washed out a lot of hedge funds uh back
then I think Since then, after more than
a year, you know, we should have learned
some lessons from that episode and
regulators could be substantially more
clever this time.
>> Okay, H, hold that thought. We have more
from Ho Hong, there managing partner and
CIO of Lotus Asset Management. Your
pre-market is looking like this. We're
seeing slight slight gains here in Hong
Kong despite this T8 as well. So
certainly we'll watch how this liquidity
driven rally goes here. Futures are
unchanged here this morning. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Hanging. Hanging Tech
Hangsen China on your screens. A little
bit of green on your screens here.
Dollar China 71263. 710 and change was
the fix of the day. We're looking at
some of the big tech plays going into
the session today. You had a rally into
the close of Hong Kong on Friday. A
rally overnight. When I say overnight,
Friday session in the US, BU and
Alibaba. And you're probably going to
see that as well coming through this
Monday.
>> Yeah, BU is the leader in the bar so
far. We're up close to 3% for that stock
in particular. In terms of stocks to
watch, we're watching of course big tech
as well. There you go. Uh there you
Alibaba was also up some 1%. So
certainly continue to see a lot of
momentum around the growth story and the
growth stocks today. Property stocks. So
Shenzhen joining the list of tier one
cities here on easing some of these home
price and buying curbs as well. You are
seeing mostly higher for some of these
Shenzhen listed or at least Shenzhen
related sort of property stocks is like
Shenzhen investments up 4 and a.5% as
well. Uh we're also watching Digin Gold,
right? Digin gold announcing that IPO
said to be the world's second largest
this year after CL. Watch Disney mining
shares coming up. Open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open of
trade. It's uh there's a bit of weather
out there. I feel like I'm coming down
with something. Ivonne.
>> Oh, no. In fact, was it man flu?
>> No, no. Here's the thing. Well, I'm
picking it up from you.
>> You just came back from a holiday, man.
>> I actually Here's the thing. I was at
the airport and I literally walked into
a sneeze. So, there there's there's no
better feeling than walking and coming
out of a sneeze. You know, when you walk
through the air of a sneeze. Um, and
it's too late obviously to hold your
breath, but I'm just giving you a bit of
a heads up.
>> Yeah. Okay. We'll see what happens
tomorrow, but yes, um, certainly there's
a lot to talk about here today. Uh,
obviously there's a lot of talk about
the Fed and whether, you know, 25 or 50
basis points is going to be happening
next week as well in that Fed meeting.
Uh, you have Japan, of course, a
political uncertainty on that front
there. And whether in China, we can see
another resumption of this rally. Looks
like it could be the case here today on
shore. or if you see a CSI 300, we're
seeing slight gains to the upside here.
Shanghai slightly flat, but obviously
we're watching uh the small caps as
well, like the China X, like the Star
50, which have been on a tear, and
slight downside for Shenzhen here this
morning. And we're watching very closely
though, Capricorn Technologies. There
you go. We're seeing another down day uh
for the AI player there. We're down
about 3% for that chip stock. So
certainly that's one thing to watch as
well. Maybe could be an indicator of
what's to come. Uh but yes, we're also
watching Shanghai crude just given the
surprise that you could say uh up
another sort of output boost from OPEC
plus over the weekend. And so that's why
we are seeing uh oil prices are to the
downside here today. You flip the boards
and watch what's going on in Hong Kong.
So of course it's a T8. So we'll see
what happens to volumes and the like
here as well. But we are flat right now
on the Hang Sang. HS Tech is also not
doing too much. Uh but certainly there's
a lot of questions about where we are in
this sort of China tech rally as well.
Take a look at BU that's still doing
remarkably well. We're up some 4%.
Baba's up one and a half% as well. Uh
and there we're also watching very
closely the property side of things.
Right. So Hangen Prop is doing okay.
Maybe because Highbor's coming back. Uh
but really also because of the the China
property names. Uh that is one to watch
with Shenzhen now joining the likes of
Shanghai and Beijing in easing these
home buying rules. Right. So, so far the
commentary I think JP Morgan said it's
not very exciting, not unlikely a
surprise just given what we've been
seeing from Beijing and the like
already, but the oil names that
certainly is in focus here today. Mixed
picture across ProChina uh against the
likes of China Oil Fuel Services for
example. Uh Costco shipping energy
though that's up some 6% right now. And
we're watching the property stocks,
right? So, they're removing home
purchase restrictions for local families
and those with even without local
household registration as well. There
you go. Country Garden is up double
digits 10%. Dave,
>> there we go. Off off the ground. So, the
other big story in China today is
China's investigating its exurities
regulator for alleged violations. That's
the headline of the Bloomberg story. The
chart shows you how the main benchmark
performed under Euan on your screens.
Currently under investigation for, as we
were pointing out, suspected violation
of discipline and law. Stephen Angel, a
chief North Asia correspondent, is here
with us to talk us through what we know
so far about this current probe.
Well, bring up that chart again because
you can see and if you want man flu,
you're going to get it from me.
>> That sounds like real flu, right?
>> That's real. That's Beijing flu. Yes.
Okay. um bring up that chart because you
can see that the market lost about $5
trillion at the time of uh ease removal
and there was lots of speculation and
lots of emphasis on uh party discipline
in the stock market and possible uh
violations of law as that market really
uh sold off. And you know, Ehoy Man was
the second CSRC uh chairman in a row to
be removed because uh again, Xiinping
has emphasized discipline and he has
talked about no mercy as far as stock
market manipulation or any of these
other uh lacks or lacks discipline
practices. And he's also vowed to go
after tigers and flies not only in the
PLA but all across the ranks of the
party. So, uh, when he disappeared or
when he was removed essentially more
than a year and a half ago, February of
2024, they brought in Wuing, known as
the broker Butcher, right? He is the man
in charge of discipline. And that really
sent a big message. So, now that we're
getting uh news uh that in fact E is
being investigated, shouldn't come as
much of a surprise really. Now, what is
he allegedly guilty of? That's what's
going to have to transpire over the
coming months, if not years, because
it's already been a year and a half,
that he's been out of the picture.
>> What do you think this investigation
tells you about how central government
is looking at, you know, the regulations
and at a time when we are seeing markets
are quite robust?
>> I think they're they're they're unc
lifting up every rock and looking at
every possible uh possible malfeasance.
And if you you kind of connect the dots
to some of the other investigations as
well. Keep in mind E was ICBC chairman
from 2016 I believe to 2019. Now there
was other investigations into ICBC. Uh
they were in the spotlight in February
of this year when a death sentence uh
with a reprieve was handed to ICBC's ex-
vice president Jong Hong Lee for
bribery. Now again there was connecting
the dots as well. His term happened and
was coincided as well with Lee Xiao
Pong, the former chairman of party
secretary of China Everbrite, who was
sentenced to 15 years in prison in March
and then a former executive at China
Renaissance, Tong Lee, who was also
detained. So I think the the the
regulators, not the regulators, the uh
discipline administration is looking and
uncovering different possible
connections to the banking sector and
the regulator and whether there was some
uh dare I say cahoots going on.
>> Okay, Steve, thank you. Stephvening
there, our North Asia correspondent uh
trying to kind of uh align everything
for us a little bit here as well. Um
it's interesting too because everyone's
talking about you know if we do see this
stock rally continue which Hong says we
can for for some time I think he said 3
to 6 months is is easily uh attainable
here right now. What does this mean when
it comes to how policy makers are going
to react to monetary policy for example
does it in some ways delay the impact of
cuts or triple R cuts and the like here
because of the narrative here that
possibly this rally is liquidity driven?
Yeah, a further rate cut might even
engender further speculative
>> yes
>> spirits uh in the markets and you know
some of the economists have in fact
weighed in specifically on this very
issue whether or not we should actually
connect the two stories together and
whether or not economic policy then goes
then to affect market policy with a of
course connecting strand there would
being uh low interest rates but yeah
let's let's get a sense from uh Hong
>> yeah Hong managing partner and CIO at
Lotus Asset Management yeah do you think
those two things are related what what
this equity market does and whether VOCC
is going to be doing anything later on
this year.
>> No. Well, I think more likely than not,
they're going to cut continue to cut
interest rate, you know, because there's
no inflationary pressure in China,
right? So, indeed, you know, we're still
fighting with deflation. Uh so, I
wouldn't be s surprised to see uh
interest rate cut and also triple R cut
uh towards uh the the the end of the
year.
>> I mean, I'm glad you brought up the lack
of inflation. So the I'm just going to
mention stock names and you can chime in
on the stock names itself. Right. So
what's happened recently is market
leaders have started to underperform. So
BYD and EVs
>> Mtoan in food delivery
>> and the market strategy of buying the
leader doesn't seem to be working out
because they think that perhaps they'll
be
>> they won't fare as well during this
>> fierce competition. Well, do you think
the market is getting this one right or
is it time to then get back into these
market leaders? I think Mwan's almost
about to take out 100. BYD is almost
about to take out 100. Just your
thoughts on that.
>> Yeah. Well, I think you know right now
people are really looking in the new
growth sectors in the economy, right?
So, if you look at if you if you're
focusing your portfolio on the old parts
of the economy, which is, you know,
property, baiju, that kind of stuff,
right? So, it's not going to give you
good return, right? uh in in this market
and also you know before this rally
people were were buying bonds for
example you know because bond use has
been declining for four years in a row
it's it's been a huge boom market for
for the bond uh managers and now you
know people start to realize that
because of the government's policy pivot
that you know we're going to fight
inflation ra deflation rather than
tolerate deflation right so it's there's
a mindset change and therefore you know
people should tilt uh their portfolio
towards reflation ary assets rather than
the old guys.
>> Is the jury still out though on whether
this is you know this anti-involution
sort of campaign is going to be
reflationary. uh the intention is to
reflate the economy but then whether you
can be successful or not depends on how
you can sort of rescue the property uh
price from continue to uh to fall and I
think in July we're still seeing uh a
falling property price across the board
but I think this the momentum the speed
is actually slowing down right so we're
seeing some initial results of that
>> okay yeah I think we've been talking
about this for some time you know
whether the equity market and I think we
partially answered the question can
sustain its rally amidst low inflation
and property prices remaining subdued
and where do you think the earning story
is going to come from eventually here?
>> Yeah, if you look at the overall uh
market earnings right so it's growing at
like 2%. It's anemic and you know mostly
because the big banks are still
generating very low singledigit earnings
growth and also you know many of the
traditional names uh they are very low
singledigit growth names as well but
then if you look at look beyond you know
this old part of of the economy right so
if you look at semis drugs companies we
we discussed just now they they're
having like 100 200% earnings growth
>> right so Capricorn is turning from
profit less to a profitable company and
uh and many of the drug companies are
labubu is seeing you 300 times EPS
growth as well. Uh so I think you know
these are the the sectors we didn't have
before right these are the sectors that
we didn't believe now that for some
reason this cycle these sectors are
turning around you know there's a
paradigm shift from a profitless company
become becoming a profitable company and
therefore you know people are willing to
pay up for these companies and I think
they should continue to perform.
>> Yeah you I'm glad you mentioned Camberon
this is a name that not a lot of people
in fact had heard of and knew how to
spell
>> going into three weeks ago. Now it's on
everyone's. That's right. Right. And so
the reason I ask you that is Nvidia in
China that theme. What do you think is
the closest thing to Nvidia
>> in China?
>> Yeah. I think what people think that
Capricorn is the Chinese Nvidia for for
now, you know, because now Capricorn is
only having less than 5% I think like 3%
market share in the chip industry in
China. All right. So people think that
wow you know because the US is
forbidding China buying US chips and
therefore you have to buy capricorn and
therefore you know it's going to take
100% of the market share and therefore
you know the the earnings is going to
explode etc etc. Now if you look at
these companies uh it's it's investing
like less than 10 uh less than less than
1 billion yan in R&D right so it's like
substantially less than uh whatever
company you can come up with right even
the baiu company put in more than that
yeah more than that so I would say that
yeah I would say that it's it's an odd
company right so but the story is very
good right it's been around for 10 years
and and for the longest time has been
you know well when the market goes up it
it tends to be the darling of the
traders for some reason and people love
trading these stocks and but of of
course we haven't seen this kind of
surge for a long time now uh so I think
some of the brokers I think Goldman was
putting at like 2,000 2,000 uh price
target and there could be a chance you
know because you know as as the market
goes up people will come back to this
name
>> in terms of potential catalysts what are
you looking at for the next few months
>> um I would say that you know people
starting to come around to this
reflation idea
>> okay
>> uh property price stop falling so fast,
right? So, you know, sort of stabilize a
little bit and then once the Fed start
cutting, uh, then we start, you know,
cutting interest rate and also triple R.
Uh, and then people start to believe,
you know, the boom market story because,
you know, this is a a boom market that
we've been waiting for 10 years, right?
So, the last bull market we had was in
2015, right? So, back then was it was
at, you know, 5,000 5,000 points. uh and
I think in uh the the previous bull
market before 2015 yeah uh was in 2005
so each of the 10 years you have a bull
market it's it's quite interesting right
so it's it's 10 years in the in the
making and let's hope that you know this
time we get a truly boom market rather
than a technical rebound
>> okay yeah we'll revisit the story in
2035 then we'll see
how thank you so much managing partner
CIO lotus asset management hopefully of
course there's a there's something in
between those two things and we'll still
be here. We'll see.
>> Oh, yeah. If if if not all going to be
here, not the robots are going to be
replacing us. I'll borrow what Hiong
said, uh reflation in Goldman Sachs and
I'll get to Japan in a moment. So, this
week inflation's coming out, right? Yes.
I think Goldman put a note out on the
weekend
>> that month on PPI might actually see the
first positive increase
>> uh this month on month this week when it
comes out. I think it's the last time we
saw it was back in I think November of
24. But anyway, Japan
>> um Japan, we got some news from local
media here. So, you know, who are the
kind of serious contenders to replace
Ishaba, right? So, uh we have just
learning here from Kyoto News that Yoshi
Masa Hayashi intends to run for the LDP
head. He is of course the chief cabinet
secretary currently already. So, his
intention to run uh according to local
media. So, another one to add to the
list as well. Coming up, we're going to
talk chips with NAI with US listed
Taiwanese firm Silicon Motion from the
BA Securities Asia-Pacific conference.
That is next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, so we're about 15 minutes
into the cash market session. We had a
decent close on Friday as the rally
resumed past tense and it's extending
those gains as we see on your screens
right now.
>> Yeah, as Hal mentioned, right? We've
been waiting for this rally for 10
years. Uh this slow bull run that
continues, right? We had one day of
correction on Thursday and then Friday
things kind of fired up once again here
and looks like today we're still seeing
that uh and punching some decent gains
here onshore and offshore here in
particular. HStech uh we're watching
very closely as well. Um in terms of
what the week ahead of course there's a
lot ahead, right? We talk about we have
trade numbers coming through from China.
You have inflation numbers as well. Uh
certainly one to watch as we countd down
to of course inflation prints in the US
that is the next sort of event post to
watch here post US jobs report where we
talked about what a 20,000 plus sort of
job gains here that certainly send some
worries in this market of really you
know are is the labor market really
weakening substantially in the US now to
warrant this talk now at 50 basis points
as an insurance cut possibly from the
Fed uh next week. So certainly that is
the one thing to watch. We talk about
some political news in in Thailand as
well. Uh there's a bond auction in Japan
which we continue to watch given the
political uncertainty there as well. And
of course the ECB rate decision, a lot
of political uncertainty in France. We
talk about the UK as well these days.
>> Yeah. And certainly the UK is also part
of the France story as well obviously
for for different reasons but yeah the
meltup in yields and certainly the
spreads that we're seeing particularly
in France given the uncertainty out
there and you know it's a big next 48
hour window as it pertains to politics
in France. The interesting bit is
unanimously almost economists don't
think the ECB is going to act on this
from a rates perspective and why would
they? Uh but will Madame Lagard of
course comments on the economy that she
previously oversaw as as finance
minister? That all comes through of
course on Thursday. Okay. Uh we'll take
a very short break and on the back of
this we'll tell you about these market
moves that we're seeing across
particularly when you look at the chip
space here in the Asia Pacific. Happy
Monday.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You are watching
the China show. Let's talk about chips,
shall we? Uh graphics coming up on your
screens and the company stock. one
company stock the CFO joints in a couple
of seconds here shows you that really
this outperformance
of Silicon Motion you compare that to I
think you've heard about Nvidia you
probably heard about it NASDAQ the socks
index as well there you go the stock is
up well let's call it 50% right um year
to date so let's get a sense really of
what the company's up to what the
business outlook is what the underlying
economics of the sector are looking like
and we're joined in fact by the CFO
Joseph Jason Sai uh my apologies exclus
exclusively from the BOF BOVA securities
2025 Asia-Pacific conference. Jason,
good morning and I think we've worked
out the technical bugs. So, thank you
for sticking around and being patient.
Jason, just help us understand what's
going on in your sector and what the
outlook is the remaining last, let's
call it four months of the year.
>> Yeah. So, you know, we're really excited
by our outlook for the rest of this
year. We've been growing uh pretty
significantly throughout this year from,
you know, what we talked about what we
did in Q1 to what we expect to exit the
year at. You know, we expect to exit the
year at a billion dollar run rate, which
is about a 50% revenue growth from Q1 to
Q4 this year. So, we're really excited
about the opportunities ahead. We've
been laser focused on a number of
opportunities centered around AI from AI
at the edge also now going into
enterprise and data centers as well. So,
there's been a number of significant
developments for us throughout this year
um and that we've been working on for
the last many years that we believe will
drive significant long-term growth uh
and share gain for us over the next many
years to come.
>> Yeah, the sellside analysts are are
talking a lot about this new product
cycle that is underway for Silicon
Motion. Jason, I I get your take on when
do you see kind of the revenue
contribution from some of these new
products to really meaningfully show up
in your financials?
Yeah. So if you take a look at our
business today, the majority of our
business, 95% of it is coming from, you
know, more PC and and and smartphone
ccentric. Over the next two years or so,
we expect to be more than 20% of our
business coming from enterprise SSDs,
coming from automotive. So significant
growth in additional markets that um we
see as meaningful tailwinds to our
business as we continue to scale into
these new opportunities. We're seeing
new products in IoT, in AR, VR, in in a
number of different avenues where AI is
now becoming front and center with a lot
of these end markets. We're seeing
certainly more demand for high
performance storage, power efficient
solutions. And all of these things help
enable whether you're at the data center
or whether you're at the AI the edge on
the PC or smartphone enable faster AI
responses, faster inference, faster
training, faster results, and more
efficient uh processing. And that's
what's key for a lot of these AI
applications to really drive growth long
term.
>> Jason, I caught what you mentioned a few
seconds back. You talked about uh
potential growth or current growth from
data centers. If you could elaborate
more on that, please. Yeah. So, you
know, data centers historically, you've
had high-end SSDs that are really high
performance, but they're really
expensive, right? And and that's been a
great uh storage platform for the high
performance requirements of a lot of the
data centers. You've had hard disk
drives where historically they have been
able to deliver very high density cheap
storage that stores a lot of the data
that you know the world creates day
after day. Now, as AI becomes more and
more prominent, as you're trying to get
more uh training and inference and
getting that to happen faster, a new
category of storage is emerging, relying
on the next generation of 3D NAND that's
cheaper, that's better performing, and
that can deliver kind of the best of
both worlds. high performance SSD
performance that can deliver faster
inference, faster training, all the
while with lower dollar cost per bit,
lower total cost of ownership, lower
operating costs. That's becomes very
similar to hard disc drives. And we're
at the forefront of that. We've been de
developing these controllers, these
solutions for enterprise and data
centers for the last couple years. We've
won two tier one customers and four
additional customers last year. We
expect to start seeing revenue come um
online here late this year going into 26
and then as well as scaling that more
meaningfully into 26 and 27 to be 5 to
10% of our revenue. So we're very
excited about this opportunity. Um we've
seen significant amount of inbound
interest and honestly it's a lot more
inbound interest than we've got the
capability for at this point. So we're
scaling up our resources.
>> Jason we probably have about 30 seconds
left. I was going to get your take. Most
of your products are made in Taiwan and
some buys SMIC I believe in mainland
China. Can you tell us a bit more about
what the plans are going to be
manufacturing wise? You know, are you
looking to diversify your supply chain
for example?
>> Yeah, we are and we are working on
diversifying our supply chain, but TSMC
has been, you know, our primary foundry
partner for a very long time and they
continue to do a great job for us. Um
you know most of our products um you
know while in consumer electronics our
customers have developed very
sophisticated supply chains that have
manufacturing throughout the world. Um
we are working with you know other
foundry partners that potentially open
up opportunities for us longer term but
you know we are very happy with the way
TSMC has been able to support us and
certainly for a lot of the advanced
geometry products that we are working
on. TSMC continues to be our primary
partner for these uh products.
>> Jason, we got to leave it there. Jason
Zer, CFO of Silicon Motion, joining us
there from the BOA conference. Much more
coming up the next hour. You're watching
the China Show.
[Music]
We're going to see tariffs push up
inflation. We're seeing all of this take
a toll on job growth. Uh this is an
economy that's being pushed to the edge.
>> What it really puts on the table is a
Fed that gets back in motion for cutting
rates. And if the economy is not falling
off a cliff, that's a pretty good
combination for risk assets. the markets
are quickly moving from pricing in two
cuts uh for the rest of this year,
meaning one in 12 days and one uh in
December to to possibly a cut at all
three meetings.
>> Some of our guests from Liber TV
reacting of course to the US jobs report
on Friday which did show of course that
headline number was weaker than expected
here. That's why you're starting to see
that probability of a cut next week as
almost near uncertainty here right now
after that job support. Uh just to give
you an update on the weather as well,
that Typhoon 8 signal looks to be
extended, right? So to remain in force
at least until 1:00 p.m. this afternoon.
If you have the PM session for class,
don't even think about it here today.
>> Yeah, that's done. Markets though are
brushing off as far as the the market
being able to trade, right? So it's
certainly a story of yester year that
the market doesn't trade when you have a
T8. So it's 410 of 1% to the upside
right now. about 30 minutes into a T8
session which is something we haven't
really said a lot here on shows. Uh
right going into the rest of the region.
So equities are actually doing well. A
lot of this is really down to what's
happening in Japan where you have a 2%
lift coming through the DIKI 225. You're
also getting some of the big chips and
heavy weights there. The Cosby, eshinex
and TX index is also doing quite well.
S&P futures are also up. And I think the
other big story is does the jobs data
that now has largely and we'll see has
cemented a Fed cut might provide
additional tailwind equity markets need
to carry us through the end of this
year.
>> Yeah, certainly that's going to be the
one thing to watch, right? Is it going
to be 25 or 50? I think you have some
market participants that are sticking
their neck out and say look maybe 50% 50
basis point cut uh is now also
solidifying this sort of narrative here
because of just how weak that jobs
number was. I think you know Stephen
Englander who's going to be showing us
in a few minutes from Stanar saying if
we get something that's sub 40 he
mentioned this before that job support
that does build the case for 50 basis
points bean Wong though saying I don't
think so they said right now it's still
kind of the verdict is out there because
it depends really on the revisions that
we're going to see and August she
mentioned there there is a bit of
anomaly in the data that sometimes the
data does undershoot consensus here so
we really have to see how things play
out. Yeah. And do we get to four I mean
the 4% handle do we get a 4% on a
10-year yield which is the level that
we're tracking as well very closely. I
think we're about we're we're up two
basis points right now. So about nine
basis points away from uh the threshold
that very nice round number as far as
that's concerned. Okay. Uh the other big
story we're tracking here is on the
leadership change in Japan. So we know
that Prime Minister Ishiba is stepping
down. He will be staying in place of
course until we until they figure out
the new person. Uh we understand from
Kyoto news about 30 minutes back that
the chief cabinet secretary um is
intending to run for the LDP head among
the I think the many names that have
been floated yet again of a possible
replacement or successor to Mr. Isha.
>> I mean you've been talking about the the
equity rally that's happening in Tokyo
here amidst this political uncertainty.
It seems like there's a quite a lot of
conviction in this market and perhaps
what people are pricing in is that
whoever is going to start leading this
LDPled coalition is going to be still at
a pretty weakened position, right? Given
the fact that in the lower house
parliament they don't have a majority.
So what does that mean for in terms of a
policies perspective is it might be a
bit of a stalemate, right? We take a
look at and whether the BOJ can still
hike is still a a kind of a question
mark as well. Maybe that's why there's
some tailwinds heading into this equity
market.
>> Yeah. Well, let's put that question
right now to our one of our guests this
hour. Rajnetza on the bond markets. Go
ahead of regional fixed income at May
Bank Asset Management joins us right
now. Uh good morning ma'am. Thank you
for joining us. So uh
>> good morning.
>> Let's say I'm sitting on a portfolio of
JGBs. Does this concern me at all what's
taking place politically in Japan?
>> Yeah, I think uh I do expect a lot of
volatility but we've already seen uh
sell off before this news. Correct.
Because a lot of people are expecting
him to step down. there was so I'm not
that worried in terms of the deficit for
Japan over the long term. I think the
JGBs have already sold off the curve has
steepened and recently we have seen some
insurance company also buying the long
end of JGBs. So yes, maybe you expect a
five to 10 basis point sell off and we
have seen a massive curve thickening
across the globe. So to me I think you
may see a short-term flattening in the
trend but generally I am not that
worried. Yes, the yen may weaken short
term given the uh the opposition
actually really wants a higher
consumption tax cut. So we will have to
see but I feel that market is already
priced in some degree of risk.
>> Can can the BOJ still hike this year?
Raja
>> I I think definitely if you look at the
today's GDP growth has been very very
strong. Inflation is still above their
expectations. And so I do expect at
least a 23 25 BC point hike in Japan.
It's just that maybe it's delayed
because of political uncertainty.
>> Okay. Well, I I'll take a 25, but I'll
do the opposite way and put a negative
sign to that and then we'll talk about
the Fed now. Do we get a 25, you think,
or a 50? Uh what are you positioned for?
And do we get even more than a 25 for
this cycle or this part of the cycle?
>> Oh, okay. uh I think that beginning of
the year we were expecting 75 basis
point rate cuts. So I think we stick to
our view that there'll be 75 basis point
consecutive 25 25 for for us personally
it's very very difficult for them to cut
50. Yes the labor market is slowing but
inflation is still little higher than
fed expectation. So I we definitely
expect 25 but I know market is thinking
that there's a chance they may cut 50
but 25 25 so three rate cuts this year
we are expecting uh in terms of
portfolio positioning we prefer the 10
year part of the curve and actually
slowly I think that even the 30-year
part of the curve looks interesting I
know the whole world has got a steepener
trade uh like two 30s or five 30s but
there's a chance to me I think that 30
year may outperform like a bull
steepening which we talked out and since
everybody is short 30 years I think
there's a chance that 30 year may rally
uh actually more which we expected we
saw on Friday so actually I continue to
even like some 30 years in US treasuries
>> um I have to get your take on how the
narrative has certainly changed right I
mean if I if I see political uncertainty
in in Japan in France for example we've
seen basically how spreads have have
taken off there
>> what does this telling me about how I
should be looking at US treasuries now
in some way? I mean now that does the
fiscal concerns do we push that to the
wayside now? Is it is it more about you
know the cyclical downturn that people
are pricing in? Does the narrative
really change around US treasuries now?
>> Uh absolutely actually if you look at
the fiscal deficit I think market is not
worried for this year and maybe middle
of next year and the tariff revenues are
coming back in the US isn't. So for me
personally, I'm not that worried about
deficit for the next one to two years.
Yes, from a longerterm perspective,
we'll have to see how it pans out. So I
think the slower growth is more a
concern now in terms of job markets.
Yes, the tariff inflationary impact may
be shortlived. I do believe that it will
not be a long-term impact because if you
look at rest of Asia is facing
deflation. We are cutting rates
aggressively. So from that perspective
my view is um we need to focus on the
economy especially over the next six
months to one year and maybe longer term
yes the deficit concerns will pop back
in.
Okay, Rajna, thank you so much for the
time. Rajneta there of May Bank Asset
Management uh on her calls really on
this Fed story 25 and 25. Hard to make
the case for a 50, but our next guest
Stephen Anglander has and will make that
case for a 50 in a couple of seconds
here. Global head of GTN FX research at
Stan Chart joins us from New York right
now. Stephen, good morning from the Asia
Pacific. Thank you for joining us on
your on your Sunday. Lay out the case
for a 50. How clear is that to you at
this point in time?
Well, to me it's pretty clear. I I I
think the easiest way of of addressing
it is to ask the question, say the Fed
had been sitting in June, like say two
weeks before or the June meeting, and
they knew exactly the the way the
numbers would play out, both the
unemployment rate, the employment to
population, and non-farm payrolls. Would
they have been so hawkish? Would they
have been so adamant about saying that
they didn't have to hike? I think they
would have that they didn't have to cut.
I I I think they would have cut at least
once between June and July. So, I think
the the 15th September, I don't think
they're going to um I don't think it's
going to be a panic cut, but I think
they're going to argue that it, you
know, either they missed it or the data
missed it. Um you know, they're looking
at what they're seeing and they're
saying, "Yeah, the 50 basis point
adjustment is is appropriate."
>> Is it more going to be like an insurance
cut? Stephen, I just wonder, you know,
just how weak is the labor market right
now?
I think the labor market is pretty weak.
Um, but I think the economy isn't that
weak. I mean, when you see the GDP
numbers, um, you know, and and most of
the demand indicators, they seem to be,
you know, they're not great, but they're
fine. They're not they're not as weak as
the labor market indicators. So, I I I
think it's possible that um, you know,
the weakness is concentrated in labor
markets. I think that they would do 15.
We actually don't think they're going to
do much after that because we think that
they'll say, "Look, we we did a chunk.
We've gotten, you know, probably halfway
to neutral. Uh let's see how this plays
out." And I think that the we'll
probably see enough strength that they
as time goes on, they don't feel the
need to to ease much more.
>> Okay. You know that that's an
interesting observation because it seems
like I mean to your point the case isn't
clear beyond beyond the September
meeting. Do we is this a month-to-month
almost a meeting to meeting conversation
we'll need to have now Stephen?
>> I I think so. But I and I I think it
also depends on on on the tone of
things. The fiscal package has some
fiscal stimulus to it. It's not um you
know it wasn't fiscally neutral. So
there's a bit of stimulus there. There's
a bit of inflation that we know is
coming.
>> Um it looks, you know, as if something's
happening on the productivity side.
We're not exactly sure, but it may be
stronger than we thought. Um the Fed may
they will be open to cuts, but you know,
I think they may end up deciding that
they don't have to.
>> Where's the direction now for the dollar
then?
>> In in the short term, we we think we
could see more dollar weakness, right?
because the market is pricing in 25 and
realistically um the Fed's not going to
get up there and say one, you know, 50
and done. They're going to say 50 and
we'll wait and see and as data, you
know, if we're right, as data come in,
the market will say, yeah, they probably
don't have to to to do much more. So, I
I'd say over the next month or six
weeks, we're we're kind of thinking that
there's some moderate weakness in the
dollar, but we think that that weakness
would be the, you know, the dollar's
last decline.
And as we get towards the end of the
year and into 2026, we'll actually see
um a bit of a dollar rebound. It's not
going to be enormous, but you know,
market positioning is a bit short
dollars. Um we think there will be some
upward pressure on US yields and and the
economy probably isn't going to
collapse. So, um a bit of you know,
we'll go through an episode of dollar
strength here, but not, you know, not
immediately.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was about to say,
Stephen, I mean, just looking at how
Europe and the the political story there
is evolving. Look at France. I mean, not
Europe, but the UK. Uh, you look at how
Japan is playing out today with the yen
weaker against almost everything today.
Do you think that what this week looks
like is a case of dollar strength, very
short-term view, Stephen?
>> It's possible, but you know, we're
getting shocks from everywhere. And the
question is which is the biggest shock?
Is it the politics in Europe and the in
Japan and the lack the lack of growth
prospects? Or is it, you know, the
market coming around to thinking, well,
maybe the Fed isn't going to be as
hawkish as we thought we were and we,
you know, they're going to to back away,
you know, in this immediate month or six
weeks, we think the the Fed shock will
be the biggest one. But, you know, you
have to if there's a political crisis um
in Europe, you know, that's going to
really weigh on the euro. So, you have
to wait and see. But right now we think
um you know the US cyclical picture is
going to be the bigger driver of the
dollar but it's not going to take it
very far weaker.
>> And in terms of these steeper yield
curves globally I mean where should we
watch out for the curve the most now? Is
the is the front end pretty well
anchored at this point given what people
are pricing in in terms of Fed cuts? Uh
where to look at the curve now?
you know, we for the moment we we think
that the front end is um you know, the
market still has a little bit more to
price in at the front end. You know, for
arguing for 50, the market has about 28
for September. Um yeah, I I think long
at the long end the you know we're so
close to four you know we think that
there's more upside at the long end. You
know especially as as 2025 ends that
this is like the last opportunity to you
know take advantage of a low yield
environment before things begin to back
up because we do think that the US
fiscal situation is is serious and we
you know as is the global one. So we
think it ultimately the bond vigilantes
are going to win. Um but the same sort
of time horizon where we think we could
have a bit of dollar weakness. We could
have a bit of lower bond yields. But as
we get towards the end of the year, we
expect both higher yields and and more
dollar, you know, the dollar to rebound
a little bit.
>> Stephen, it's great to have you. Thanks
so much for joining us on a Sunday
night. Stephen Englander there, global
head of G10 FX research at Standard
Chartered Bank. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Boom Bird.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're looking at some pockets of
this equity market across the region.
We're sticking with property at least
for now. So, a glance at some of the res
in in Soul. This is after a policy
push from authorities to maybe take some
steps to cool the property markets. Not
a consistent theme and reaction across
this though. Although, when you look at
this next board coming up, I believe
it's all rise for Chinese Shenzhen
property stock specifically. There we
go. uh on the back of uh the city easing
home purchase rules. To be more
specific, Shan will remove home purchase
restrictions for both local families and
those without the hook, the local
household registration who have paid at
least if you made contributions to your
social security or individual income
taxes for at least a year. That's across
six districts and that's playing out
across these equity market very quickly.
metal stocks are doing this and the
story there is a one that draws uh a
line to the White House and the tariff
exemptions as it pertains to of course
that neck of the woods.
>> Yep. So certainly one that's one to
watch the metals and of course we're
watching the energy players as well.
Take a look when it comes to Brent in
the last two days or so. So certainly
that surprise that you could say what
what happened over the weekend here.
There was some initial reports that that
OPEC plus might actually be doing that
but yes speeding up that return of next
year of halted oil production. And
that's the headline on across your
terminal here this morning. Let's bring
in our Asia energy team leader Steven
Schinsky. So yet again, we're seeing a
production boost uh from OPEC plus. Can
you walk us through the rationale this
time around?
>> Yeah, I mean I think first off uh I I
want to look at the move itself, but it
it was certainly like a a shock but no
awe. Like I think when you looked at the
analyst um surveys that we did, most
weren't expecting OPEC plus to actually
increase output. they were expecting
them to keep it steady uh going into
next year uh when they were agreeing
when they had initially said they were
going to unwind by the end of 2026. Now
the reason probably twofold right one um
the the official line from them is that
they do see some need in the market for
for more oil. I mean they are they do
see that uh increasing it wouldn't have
a big enough impact on the market and
and in fact it would be positive for
providing the oil for their customers.
The second thing which is more
speculated speculative but but something
that is viewed widely in the market is
that this is OPEC plus trying to get
back market share specifically Saudi
Arabia. They have the most curtailed
supply of any uh member in in OPEC plus
they are the largest producer of course
but at the same time over the last few
years as they had cut back supply they
had lost some market share to a degree
from US shale drillers. Now as you see
prices driven down uh you are seeing
some of those shale players maybe look
at uh reducing their output uh there is
a lot more pressure on on those on that
incremental supply. You saw Konico uh
shock again another shock with the
market going to say that they're going
to cut uh their workforce by 20 to 25%.
Um and they're a major US producer. So
all those things together um you could
say are reasons why OPEC plus decided to
do this this increase. But again while
it was a shock the awe part wasn't there
because it wasn't really that big. There
is was some expectation people were
hedging their bets that they were going
to maybe announce something on Sunday.
They love to surprise the market but at
the same time 137,000 barrels a day um
is less than what they've been adding to
the market in the previous two months.
And it wasn't as it wasn't a huge amount
uh where you're where you're seeing a
collapse in prices. In fact, maybe
there's a bit of relief with oil up a
bit today.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean Goldman actually came
out with a with a note I believe and I
could be say I believe before the OPEC
plus announcement came over the weekend
and their thinking was already lower oil
prices because of higher supply and and
I wonder right now whether the we should
be operating under the assumption that
that price range is now shifted even
lower as far as the global oil price is
concerned.
You know, I think I Yeah, I think what's
what's actually interesting is that
there's the analyst what the analyst
view, which is that we're we're heading
into a pretty large glut for the oil
market at the end of this year and into
next year versus view from OPEC plus
that is hey demand might be actually a
bit more resilient um than you think and
we want to add more barrels to the
market. Now I think that there is an
expectation that we will drift lower.
Analysts are seeing that, you know,
Goldman says we could we could fall into
the $50 range from around $65 for Brent
right now. Um, we are maybe at a
technical floor. So, it might have show
some resistance where we are at the
moment, but as those barrels potentially
enter the market, we're going to see the
reaction. I think another thing that
people are looking at is yes, OPEC plus
said they're going to raise supply, but
what does that actually mean for
physical oil on the on on the market?
Because OPEC uh there are some members
of OPEC who are already producing over
uh where they're supposed to. So the
plus is the increase is more of a a
technical sort of move by then. It isn't
some suppliers aren't able to increase
at all either. Um so will they actually
add a lot more to the market or is this
just some members playing catch-up and
others are unable to meet where their
where their targets are is is yet to be
seen. So there is also view that yeah we
set 137,000 barrels per day but will
that actually result in in more on the
on the ocean.
Stephen Stapchinsky, thank you so much
sir. Our Asia energy team leader uh
coming up in the next hour, Bloomberg
TV. In fact, we'll be hearing from FGE,
the chairman emeritus there, Ferdinan
Fresh Iraqi will be joining us to help
us understand really. And you know what?
Every time I read an OPEC plus story, I
still am confused at the very end of
that whether or not more barrels have
been added or not. And it's it's all
still very at least to me still. And
hopefully we get more clarity from Mr.
Fresh Iraqi coming through later today.
I'm better off after Steven Stop just to
mention that. This is Bloomberg. Here
[Music]
are some of the stories we're tracking
for you this morning. Vietnam's VinFast
has launched its first EVs in India. The
compact VF6 SUV starts from about
$18,000, while the VF7 midsize SUV is
priced about $22,000. That's about a
third the price of Tesla's Model Y in
India. Minimas says the pricing is
introductory and limited to the first
1500 cars it sells or until November
30th. China is reportedly preparing to
resume its domestic bond market with top
Russian energy companies. The Financial
Times says Chinese regulators told
Russian energy services that they would
back plans to issue UN denominated panda
bonds if finalized, this would mark the
first time a Russian company has raised
funds in mainland China since the 2022
invasion of Ukraine.
>> Oh, well, speaking of bonds here, uh,
and potential spreads, uh, yuan bonds on
your screens, the curve there two to the
30, and we're looking at, um, slight
steepening. Well, no, we're slightly to
the upside, let's put it that way. But
yes, we could be slightly steeper if you
um squint uh your eyes there. So 2.10%
and again that 1.8% handle and the 10
yield is one we're tracking very
closely. Um one stock that has been in
focus over the last let's call it year
or so PopMart. So we're down the most
since May. We're down about 7%. So
effective today I believe it's part of
the index. It was announced of course a
few weeks ago. The other thing to note
is perhaps on technicals itself and you
have to bear with me. The perhaps next
level to watch is your 50 DMA which is
currently about nine Hong Kong dollars
below the current price. So it's called
10 bucks still to the downside before
you hit that support level. Uh which
also happens to coincide with uh that
level before that massive pop that we
got back in on August. I'm just looking
at my charts so bear with me as far as
that that's concerned. Okay. Cameracon
was down substantially late last week,
was rallied then on Friday and as you
can see we're giving back of course
those gains from Friday. We're down
about 6.4%. I guess this is one of the
proxies if you will across the equity
market rally on the Entra space and
Aesso is one stock.
>> Yes. So dropping the most in 3 months.
There was mixed drug data from the US
partner there when it comes to Summit
Therapeutics. The stock down some 6%.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Yeah. Yeah.
All right. 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets heading to that lunch break as
well. We're continuing to see this rally
uh in the equity market here on the back
of what we heard. Right. So, the prime
minister Ishba has announced that he
will be resigning. And now we're talking
now the next thing to watch which is the
leadership uh test there and certainly
who's going to be the likely contenders
to replace the prime minister. But
equity markets are taking in stride. In
fact, they're saying, you know, maybe
this is a means of of what happens of
what the BOJ might delay that potential
rate hike that has been priced into
these markets as well. Maybe that's why
we are seeing continued strength into
this equity market. The yen
substantially weaker this morning too,
Dave. Yeah, I mean the the reaction in
the equity market is similar to what you
typically not all the time get when a
CEO steps down and then the stock price
of a company uh moves up. And I think
the reason I only mention that is our
guest earlier on Michael Chuchek who
joined us out of out of Tokyo earlier on
says this is simply the latest iteration
of this what he thinks will remain a
revolving door of prime ministers
>> in Japan. So get used to this reality,
the fact that of course the party
doesn't even have don't even have a
majority and they need a coalition there
of course right that's uh the
complication aside we are looking at an
equity market that is doing well a lot
of that is down to what's happening on
the back of Japan and as you can see of
course as it pertains to tech as a
sector we're moving higher there uh
we're just coming off highs a little bit
on the S&P we were trading at about
6,500 we're coming off about four points
the dollar is stronger and I can you
probably can thank the the weekend yen
uh for that move up in the US dollar.
>> Yep. So, one thing to watch of course
when it comes to geopolitics and the why
Brazil is holding a virtual meeting of
BRICS leaders later on today and on the
agenda is President Trump's terrorists
but also a bid to rally other emerging
markets nations to support
multilateralism. Now, BRICS of course as
we say stands for Brazil, Russia, India,
China and South Africa. And the group
accounts for about 40% of the global
economy and roughly half of its
population. It's doubled in size in 2024
to include the likes of Iran, UAE,
Ethiopia, and Egypt. Indonesia as well
was also emitted earlier this year.
>> Yeah. And you know what does a larger
bricks mean for the world? And also just
to also insert there, you know, bricks
and SEO and you know, do those two
things certainly overlap? Does one now
supersede the other? Nikas, as far as
BIRs is concerned, the addition of major
fossil fuel producers may then give the
block more scope to challenge the
dollar's dominance when it comes to, you
know, transactions for oil, gas,
switching to other currencies, certainly
a concept referred to as dd
dollararization. Now, Beijing is also
trying to build an alternative world
order to challenge US hedgeimony as a
counterwe a lot of fancy words here uh
to the G7. In fact, Chinese President Xi
Jinping is slated to address the virtual
meeting today.
>> Now, for more, let's bring in Du Kung
Shan University's American President and
Executive Vice Chancellor, John Quelch,
uh joining us here and flying into Hong
Kong just in time. John, it was great to
have you here on the program. Um,
obviously, we've been talking about, you
know, this is coming off of a very, I
guess, pageantry that we saw in Beijing,
whether it was this SEO, the military
parade, and now we're continuing this
momentum for for bricks. What are you
expecting is going to be kind of the
tone and message coming through this
kind of virtual meeting?
>> Uh it's interesting that uh President
Lulu has called the virtual meeting
because of course he and Brazil were not
in Tanzhin and not in Shanghai. Uh
whereas uh Modi of India was in Tanzhin,
skipped Shanghai, uh I beg you pardon,
skipped Beijing, the victory parade, but
was in Tanzhin for the SEO meeting. So I
think there's uh a little bit of a sense
that Brazil does not want to be left out
of the equation. Uh the SEO is very much
a uh belt and road initiative northern
hemisphere grouping. Uh whereas of
course bricks includes Brazil and South
Africa. Uh and I think it's important
for Brazil in particular to be
reasserting itself and reasserting the
agenda items that it considers
important. So that's why I think uh
they've called the call
>> economically. Are you seeing stronger
ties
>> between
>> between China and the likes of Brazil
for example in terms of the you know the
US pushing
>> these guys alto together?
>> Certainly in terms of agricultural
commodities. Brazil has been a in a
sense a uh godsend to China uh with
soybean sales having pretty much
collapsed out of the US and Brazil
taking up the slack. uh and I think that
that has been reciprocated uh in terms
of the level of trade interaction and
investment interaction we see uh between
China and Brazil. Uh but Brazil has to
be uh quite careful here in terms of
balancing its outreach to China but at
the same time uh keeping uh a good
relationship as much as it can with the
United States. though of course we
currently have the Bolsinaro trial uh
about to begin in Brazil and um that's
Washington has uh uh made a few moves uh
against the judges associated with the
Brazilian Supreme Court uh in terms of
visa restrictions and that has not gone
over very well in uh Brazilia. How how
much further can we see a deepening of
ties then within the bricks when when of
course we we talk about the political
divisions among the bricks themselves?
>> So to the extent that President Trump
and Washington tariff policy is kind of
inflaming uh emotional reaction on the
part of the uh BRICS nations and the
global south in general that of course
is giving them uh something to
collaboratively fight against. On the
other hand, as you correctly point out,
there are very very many differences of
opinion and divisions among the uh the
BRICS nations. Um you know, take India
and China for example. uh despite a sort
of five-minute rapt
you know there is a long-standing
difficulty uh between uh India and China
>> so so is it just optics you think that
or or do you think what we've seen in
the last week or so is an inflection
point in what China and has wanted is is
this shift in in the global world order
>> well I think uh President Xi and Beijing
orchestrated the Tanzin event, the SEO
event as well as the 50th uh the 80th
anniversary event extremely well. Uh and
so to say it's an inflection point, I
don't think is is is is true because
frankly uh real politics and real
economics uh are going to come into play
here. And there's a balancing act going
on in every capital city of every bricks
or affiliated nation at the moment where
they have to uh try and cope with the US
uh situation the level of indecision and
flip-flopping that we occasionally see
uh versus at the same time the new
reality of uh uh China's increasing
importance in the global economy. So how
to balance those two forces is something
that every leader of every significant
global south country is wrestling with
>> and there are business leaders to your
point this eventually goes back to real
economics right businesses value
predictability. I think at some point
this morning we're getting the the
August trade numbers out of China. The
reason I bring that up is I understand
you were recently in one place in China
that does specialize, Woo, right,
>> which does specialize in making things
basically for for the world to purchase.
And I remember covering that city and it
used to be known, I'm not sure if it
still is, but you know the the Christmas
capital of the world. That's where the
gifts are mostly manufactured. What have
you seen on the ground? Have businesses
there shifted to um bricks, SEO, belt
and road, whatever you want to call it.
>> Right. So, EWO is totally different now
from what you just described. It's way
beyond Christmas ornaments. It's uh
industrial products. It's robots. It's
everything that you can imagine. Uh
>> durable goods,
consumables, trinkets, very small
percentage now of the total uh
throughput at EW. Number two, uh around
about 80,000 merchants in EW in the
seven trade centers that they have
there. Uh there are 10,000 foreign
buyers resident in EW apart from 600,000
foreign visitors a year coming in.
>> Wow. I talked to six or seven merchants
in EW uh small store owners in the marts
and what they told me was as far as the
US is concerned not really having much
of an effect. the tariffs not having
much of an effect on them because you
know a couple of years ago these very
agile merchants already pivoted uh to
BRRI belt and road initiative countries
global south other markets uh and so uh
the highest percentage that I could
uncover among any of the merchants in
terms of US sales out of uh their
particular operation was 10% still going
to the US and this was from uh a store
which is essentially selling high-end
product uh to uh higherend product to
the likes of Target and uh uh Disney.
>> Uh I was going to get your take on what
you're seeing in the higher education
side of things.
>> Uh Duke Kungan, of course, this is a
joint venture between Duke University
and Wuhan. What have you been seeing in
terms of student enrollments of and
maybe international sort of student uh
interest? Um so our our our enrollments
uh this semester were very very high uh
higher than we expected. Uh we had a
overenrollment maybe around about 20%
among international students accepting
our offers ahead of what we expected. uh
and this we attribute to the fact that
uh global south applicants who might
have applied to US universities as well
as to us ended up coming to us because
of visa uncertainties, post-graduation
employment uncertainties in the US and
the general climate uh of perhaps uh a
less than safe environment for uh
foreign students in the US university
campuses. Do you get a sense that that's
simply for this year? Is this an
opportunity for the school to then be
able to corner this part of the market
that you know clearly has revisited this
option and is now taking advantage of
it?
>> Yeah. So, so obviously from our point of
view we're uh developing a truly
international university. From our point
of view um those students who have come
to us this year are going to be the
ambassadors for the next intake next
year. And so we hope they'll all go back
to their school counselors and uh their
classmates one year behind and say this
is a great option. Uh you should come to
Duke Kung Xan.
>> There we go. Yeah. And Professor Quelch
there will be welcoming you of course if
you open
>> There we go. Uh Duke Kungan University
Executive Vice Chancellor John Quelch
there. Uh we're hearing now by the way
that and just speaking of uh the virtual
brick summit will begin what time is it
now? 10:40 8:00 p.m. Hong Kong time. So
that's more than a couple of hours away,
but yeah, stay tuned for that, of
course. And that's according to a
government official out of Brazil.
>> Yeah, if you're a subscriber, of course,
you can rewatch that interview or so
watch everything that we've been talking
about in the show here on interactive TV
function TV go. You can be become part
of the conversations, send messages,
questions for our guests throughout the
shows. Check it out at TV go.
[Music]
Okay, we're checking FX here this
morning and certainly the yen has been
weakening here on the back of what we've
been seeing, the political turmoil
that's happening in Japan. But really,
there's a lot going on whether it's in
Thailand here, the new leader taking
office after the king's endorsement.
also when it comes to that confidence
vote in France. It's happening a little
bit later on as well. So EUR dollar is
hovering around that 117 level here this
morning. So we're watching multiple
movements in several several capitals
this morning. As we've been discussing,
Japanese Prime Minister Shigro Ishiba is
stepping down and paving the way for the
election of a new leader. And in
Thailand, Conservative Anatin Chonavarak
has been taken office as the country's
third prime minister since 2023.
Meanwhile, as you say, Prime Minister
Francois Bayou is set to lose his
premiership in a conference vote in
parliament on Monday.
>> Okay, on those three stories, let's
bring in our team our coverage of these
three. Uh joining us now is our Japan
politics and economics reporter Sakura
Murakami. Out of Tokyo, out of Bangkok
is Papicha Tanakas Pipat. And here in
Hong Kong is a senior news desk editor,
Balaz Pens, to talk us through the
European angle today. Sakura, I'll start
with you in Tokyo. Um well if for those
that perhaps might have missed it, why
did he step down? Prime Minister Ishiva.
>> So things weren't looking great for
Ishiba initially. He um had some very
bad election results recently and there
was momentum within the party to see him
stand down. And that kind of came to a
head over the weekend when surveys were
showing that a lot of people in the LDP
wanted to uh see an early race and um he
was kind of losing the moment losing the
uh confidence in his party. So uh he
announced last evening yesterday evening
that he would stand down.
>> Okay. Uh everyone's talking about
successors. Who are going to be the top
contenders to really watch out for to
replace him?
So there have been some people who there
have been reports of some people
planning to actually uh stand um throw
the hats in the ring for the leadership
race. Uh so far Toshimitsu Migi has
actually announced his intention to uh
run as a possible successor but the main
focus is on Sai Takayichi and uh Kois
Shinjiro and so they bring very
different things to the party. uh
Takayichi is kind of appeals to the
right-wing voter. Uh she's more of a
fiscal stimulus kind of person. She
would be the uh Japan's first uh female
prime minister if she's elected. Um so
she brings that to the table whereas um
Koisumi brings more of a fresh energy to
the uh LDP. He's very young. He's 44.
He's the son of a reformist former prime
minister Jichurro Koisumi. So he brings
this kind of rebranding, a kind of fresh
energy to the party.
>> All right. Uh Sakura, thank you. Uh on
the latest on Japan here, our politics
and economics reporter Sakura Murakami.
Let's bring in Papicha now in Bangkok
where investors are watching the cabinet
picks made by the new PM. Papicha, tell
us a little bit more about what can we
expect from the cabinet formation.
Ivonne uh after Anutin was voted prime
minister on Friday, he has uh made quick
he has made quick moves to uh form his
new cabinet. So far he said that the
lineup is nearly finalized. So we should
be able to expect to see the full list
within the coming days. Um what we know
so far is that will double as interior
minister uh which is a key position seen
as uh uh important to securing success
for the next election. Um he has also
tapped a few technocrats for key
government positions uh such as
ministers of finance, foreign affairs
and energy. Uh Anutin said that he
needed these uh experts outside of
politics uh to be brought in so that his
government can hit the ground running
considering that he has only uh pledged
to stay in power for only four months as
part of a deal with the People's Party,
the largest block in parliament that
voted in in support for his premiership
last week.
Does do these appointments tell us
anything pipe about the the priorities
over the next four months? Call it quite
short of course.
>> Sure. David U. Anutin said over the
weekend that his priorities are going to
be a short-term focus because he's only
staying for four months. Um at the top
of his list is economic issues. He said
that he plans to uh reduce high costs of
living including energy and
transportation costs and also tackle
household debts of farmers and lowincome
households. And also he plans to take
steps to peacefully resolve the Thai
Cambodian border crisis um without
losing any more lives or compromising
Thailand's sovereignty. And in the
speech uh yesterday, he also reiterated
his promises to the people's party which
helped him secure the premiership that
he will dissolve the house of
representatives within four months and
call new elections as well as hold a
national referendum to amend the
constitution before he goes
>> right
there in Bangkok for us on the latest
and the Thailand front. Uh the other big
front of course is in Europe and it's
going to get fairly busy these next 48
hours or so. Certainly in France where
you look at a prime minister there could
lose his job in a confidence vote. I
believe it's later Monday. Let's bring
in a news desk editor Bas Pence. He's
here with us to talk us through there.
Yeah. So what's what what are we
watching in France today?
>> Well, it looks like there might be some
sort of a resolution to this episode in
what's become the annual French
political crisis. It looks likely that
Franco will lose his job, but that's
only the beginning and what comes next
could be even more calimitous for French
assets. Uh, President Mcron has a few
options in front of him and none of them
promise a quick resolution as the
underlying issues remain which are a
fractured parliament and a rising debt,
a rising uh budget deficit which needs
to be addressed and that's what Biru has
ultimately been unable to do. So
whatever Mcronone chooses to do next,
whoever the next prime minister is, he
or she will need to contend with the
exact same forces. The other option for
Mcronone would be to call an early
election, which would threaten to
strengthen the far right, which would
threaten to even shr shrink his own
constituency even more. So that might be
even more unpalatable for the president.
>> Okay, the UK is also going through quite
a bit as well. I mean, there's this wide
range of reshuffleling of the government
and the prime minister there is really
kind of changing up the narrative. He
tries to at least. What's next there?
>> Well, Kier Stormer is uh is doing the
classic politicians gambit. He's trying
to turn a moment of weakness into a
moment of strength. Uh he is he has to
respond to the resignation of the deputy
prime minister and he's trying to
rebrand this as sort of a the phase two,
the next phase of his government. So
what he's trying to do is he's trying to
focus on the two issues that have really
propelled his main challenger, the
reform party, immigration and the
economy. But at the same time, he will
also have to watch his back because
there will be an election within his own
party for the deputy leadership position
and some people think that might be a
beauty contest for somebody who might
eventually replace him.
>> Okay, Malash, thank you. Fend there, our
senior and news desk editor on what to
expect uh when Europe wakes up here this
morning as well. And of course, the
political turmoil in France adds to
really the list of risk uh for your week
ahead here when the ECB also meets on
Thursday. And there's a growing amount
of people in economists Dave that are
expecting that they're going to have to
stay on hold just given the political
crises that we're seeing in in France
for example as well. Yeah, we're waiting
to hear as well from what Madame Lagard
if she will discuss this at length and
elaborate really what the ECB stances
particularly as you look at um maybe the
uh iteration of this in markets and how
this affects this really meltup in
longer uh dated bond yields right apart
from this uh when you look at the
Chinese market at some point this
morning if not soon we'll see trade
numbers are set to come out for August
and then uh the midweek session is
arguably in my my opinion and perhaps a
bigger one there as far as the CPI print
inflation numbers coming through out of
China is concerned. In fact, Goldman
Sachs put out this note on the weekend,
a three things on China note that they
put out and basically said the
anti-involution conversation might
actually lead to the first month and
month increase as far as that's
concerned. Plenty more head
[Music]
Welcome back uh as we well before we
wrap up the China show today and before
we sort of fade into the background uh
just a look at some of the big movers
and certainly not an exclusive list.
There's a long list of sector movers
today. We're starting things off as you
can see in robotic stocks related there.
So we're as you can see we're on the up
this putting down to the release of this
Tesla robot um as a catalyst as far as
that's concerned. Horizon Robotics of
course has been very much in focus not
just because of today but certainly the
the broader trends as far as the
developments are concerned. Right. Point
number one. Point number two PopMart
down the most since April and in fact uh
this is perhaps on a day when it is
getting included on the Hung index was
announced a few weeks ago plus of course
broadly speaking some of the big winners
have been feeling the pressure to the
downside. I think the 50-day moving
average might be very much in focus. I
think that's coming up on your screens
very shortly what that level is. It's a
>> five I believe.
>> Um there we go. Is it 27563? That should
be it.
>> Yeah. The short sell turnover also
spiked to a record level on Friday, mind
you as well. So some of these sort of
darlings in this market are certainly
coming off. You could say that about
camera here as well this morning. But
yes, uh HSI looking like this right now.
And yes, it looks like we're going to be
heading to typhoon 3 soon. looks to be
lowered at about 1:10 p.m. Hong Kong
time hangs the market flat this morning.
This is Bloomberg.